README.md, before:

# PopStick
[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa] 
[![Follow Source Parts on Twitter][twitter-follow-image]][twitter-follow]
<p align="center"><img width="80%" src="https://usbcomputer.com/images/banner.jpg" alt="PopStick USB Computer Device"></p>

## Documentation
To view the documentation stored in this repository please visit: [docs.usbcomputer.com][usbcomputer-docs]

## License
This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
[twitter-follow]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=sourceparts
[twitter-follow-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/sourceparts?style=social&logo=twitter
[usbcomputer-docs]: https://docs.usbcomputer.com

Commit message:

add purchase link and product page link, add copyright notice

README.md, after:

# PopStick™
[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa] 
[![Follow Source Parts on Twitter][twitter-follow-image]][twitter-follow]
<p align="center"><img width="80%" src="https://usbcomputer.com/images/banner.jpg" alt="PopStick USB Computer Device"></p>

## Purchase
PopStick™ is available for purchase in our webstore: [webstore]

## Learn More
For a general overview, please visit the PopStick™ USB Computer website: [https://usbcomputer.com][usbcomputer]
To learn how to use PopStick™, make sure to check out the link to our documentation below.

## Documentation
To view the documentation stored in this repository please visit: [https://docs.usbcomputer.com][usbcomputer-docs]

## License
This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

Source Parts Inc. © 2022

PopStick™ is a trademark of Source Parts Inc.

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
[twitter-follow]: https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=sourceparts
[twitter-follow-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/sourceparts?style=social&logo=twitter
[usbcomputer]: https://usbcomputer.com
[usbcomputer-docs]: https://docs.usbcomputer.com
[webstore]: https://shop.popcorncomputer.com/products/popstick
